[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to another wonderful
show on "Beyond Belief."
Maureen St. Germain is with us,
the founder of the St. Germain
Mystery School, Akashic Records
International, and the author
of well-known books.
Known as a practical
mystic, she teaches a course
on how to access your higher
self called the Ascension
Institute.
Hi, Maureen.
Welcome.
>>MAURINE ST. GERMAIN: Hi.
Nice to be here.
Thanks for having me.
>>NOORY: Tell us about
the Ascension Institute.
>>ST. GERMAIN: The
Ascension Institute
is a year-long program
where I take people
through a lot of
esoteric training
and a lot of information that
they can use in everyday life.
They call me the
practical mystic
because I like to apply
what I learn in the mystics.
>>NOORY: Did you create this?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes.
Yes.
This particular training, called
the higher self connection,
I created after--
I worked with it for seven
years before I released it
to the general public.
I would take it to my
classes and teach it to them,
and then get their feedback.
And it's just three easy steps.
And after a 45-day
practice period,
you have very good connection
with your higher self.
And it's a very
male, logical way
to learn because a
lot of people just--
we're thinkers.
And so letting go of that
busy mind or the monkey mind
is hard.
So you practice this
very simple set of tools,
and you're off and running.
And I can share it
with you, if you want.
>>NOORY: Yeah,
we'll get into that.
What are the higher dimensions?
What does that mean?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, I
believe that we are coexisting
in the first three dimensions,
but we don't realize it
because we're so used
to it, and that we're
in third dimension in
our physical expression,
and that the higher dimensions
have certain qualities that we
can start to acquire because
we're moving out of this age,
from the Kali Yuga, to a new
age, where we will be relying
on our connection with each
other more telepathically
than by our cell phones.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ST. GERMAIN: So
the higher dimensions
have different qualities.
And so everybody talks about the
fifth dimension and that higher
place where we have choices, but
the choices to hurt one another
don't exist.
So it's a bit like having
all the choices in the world,
but the choice that would
cause you pain, my friend,
it doesn't show up.
It doesn't come up in my
awareness or a possibility.
So it's another way of being.
It's a different
game, as I call it.
>>NOORY: Maureen, what
is the fifth dimension?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Fifth dimension
is a vibrational data
set that we are all becoming.
It is the same as what I
would call the ascension.
So the fifth dimension
is that place
that we are becoming
where we're going
to become the ascended masters.
So we're all becoming ascended
masters, whether we're ready
or not.
And I think that's funny
because a lot of people
don't realize that they're
becoming an ascended master.
>>NOORY: Is there
a fourth dimension?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes, there is.
>>NOORY: What's that?
And why did we skip that?
>>ST. GERMAIN: [LAUGHS] I like
to say it's like Grand Central.
You don't want to go
there to spend the night.
It's the place you go to where
there are emotional feelings.
It's still polarity, but
it's much faster than this 3D
environment we're in.
So our thoughts become
reality much faster.
And we've seen it
in movies depicted
where we see someone who has
shifted into a lower vibration
and they're scared all the time.
And that fourth
dimensional vibration
is a way-shower into the fifth.
So it's very close to third.
But because it moves so
fast, if you're moving up,
you move right up into fifth.
If you're moving down,
you kind of decelerate
into a lower level of fourth.
>>NOORY: So it's easier to
jump from the third dimension
to the fifth dimension--
>>ST. GERMAIN: Mhm,
just like in music.
>>NOORY: --and
bypass the fourth?
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Just like in music.
Those of you who are
listening who are musicians,
you know that the
major triad 1-3-5
is very easy to sing or say.
But when you land on that
fourth and you hold it,
you want to go
down to the third,
or you want to go
back up to the fifth,
and then the fifth
takes you to the octave.
>>NOORY: How do you move
into these dimensions?
>>ST. GERMAIN: You
make clear intention
that you're going to do it.
And that's something that's
very interesting because just
by saying, I want to wake up
in 5D, it makes a difference.
You act proactively,
so you choose
words that are allowing you to
express what's really going on
in your world, rather than a
negative way of putting it.
So people who fly at night
on an overnight flight,
they might call it the red
eye, or you could call it
the shut eye, you see?
So there's fun ways to do that.
Some people talk
about a ex-wife.
And I always say,
well, what do you
call a previously owned car?
And you would call it a
used car in the old days,
but now it's a
certified pre-owned car.
It sounds pretty special.
>>NOORY: Pre-owned does.
And you get money
for it this time.
>>ST. GERMAIN: That's right.
So then, the spouse
or the partner,
instead of calling them the ex
because you don't like them,
or the former because
you're trying to be nice,
you could just say, well,
that was her practice husband.
>>NOORY: Or call them the
pre-owned wife, right?
[LAUGHTER]
>>ST. GERMAIN: For
sure, for sure.
>>NOORY: 5D.
What is 5D exactly?
>>ST. GERMAIN: I believe 5D is
the vibration that we emanate
when we're in our place of
joy, when we're in our hearts,
and we're aligned
with our divine plan.
It's like this.
When someone comes to your
door, maybe it's your neighbor
and you know them, but you
weren't expecting them.
You're going to say,
well come on in.
Have a cup of coffee
or something with me.
You wouldn't think
to not do that.
That's how we look at--
>>NOORY: That's being polite.
>>ST. GERMAIN:
You're being polite.
So in 5D, all the choices that
are hurtful don't occur to us.
And in 5D, I'm so sensitive
to the person that's--
I don't just mean me.
Anyone, when they're
vibrating at 5D,
they're aware that the
next thing they say
might be hurtful.
And so they change their
words, or different words
come out of their mouth.
>>NOORY: Interesting
take on that.
Is there a 6D?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes, there
is, and that's where
we go when we're dreaming.
>>NOORY: Well,
that's intriguing.
You had mentioned
three steps earlier.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Oh, yes.
Three steps to connect
with your higher self.
>>NOORY: What are they?
>>ST. GERMAIN: The first one
is you do a practice period
for 45 days where you ask
unimportant, insignificant
questions from your higher self.
>>NOORY: To whom?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Your higher self.
You first do a little
meditation where
you ask your higher self
to show you a symbol
or signal in your body.
And what's very interesting
is people get a visual.
Some people get colors.
Some people get a
tickle on their ear.
One lady reported that
she got an itchy ear.
In the meditation, she was
asking her higher self,
show me my sign or
my signal for yes,
and then her toe
started to itch.
And she keeps telling herself
now, body, quiet down.
Calm down.
And finally, her whole
body started to itch.
So then she said,
OK, OK, I get it.
I'll take the itchy
ear for my yes signal.
And that kind of thing
happens in the environment
when you first just quiet
yourself and ask in meditation,
I'd like my symbol or signal
for yes, no, and neutral.
And you do each one separately.
So people get different kinds of
symbols, but 90% of the people
that I take them through
this, they get it.
And then the other 10%,
I have a workaround for.
So the first step
is using that symbol
for 45 days asking unimportant,
insignificant questions.
>>NOORY: Insignificant.
I like that.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And so you don't
ask about-- if you're a smoker,
you don't ask about
that next smoke.
And if you like sweets, you
don't ask about the cookie.
Instead, you ask about
things you're willing to do.
So you ask, is it in my
highest, best good to have
eggs for breakfast?
Is it in my highest
and best good
to take this route
over that route?
And so you keep asking until
you get either a yes or a no.
And then, the second rule is
you always follow through.
And the third rule
is, for people
who like to use pendulums or
muscle testing or kinesiology,
you set all that
aside for six weeks.
And the reason for
that is the same reason
why you wouldn't learn
German and French.
>>NOORY: Why six weeks?
Why not four?
Why not five?
>>ST. GERMAIN: According to
a well-known chiropractor,
it takes six weeks
to get new DNA.
And I'm drawing a
blank at his name.
Danny Epstein.
If we get new DNA
in six weeks, that
means that your body
has regenerated,
and that practice, whatever
it is, is permanent.
So just like in the
day before cell phones,
you might pick up
the phone and know
that it's your mom or
some well-known guest
that you want to talk to.
And you just know
that intuitively.
And so without
looking at your phone,
you could play with it that way.
Is this my friend?
And then look at the phone.
Now, the six weeks of
practice is all about play.
That's why you ask
about unimportant stuff,
so that you can see in hindsight
how amazing the higher self
answers can be.
So you might ask
about a restaurant.
Is it my highest, best good
to go to this restaurant?
No.
What about this restaurant?
Yes.
You show up, and somebody that
you've been wanting to talk to
is there, and you talk to them.
Stuff like that
starts to happen.
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And that's
when you realize, oh, yeah,
my higher self
has got the goods,
even when I don't know
what the goods are.
>>NOORY: Well, talking
about 5D, Sheila Gillette
channels the THEO
group, and she talks
about releasing limited beliefs
to live in the area of 5D.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
THEO has brought forth
a program called Soul
Integration, which
is assisting people in
releasing, or learning how
to release, limiting
beliefs that keep them
from living lives they
really want to live and dream
about living.
And it's just our
limiting beliefs
that keep us from doing that,
thinking that we can't, we
don't have enough,
whatever it is.
THEO's just started talking
about unconditional love.
And unconditional love,
they said, is not a feeling.
It's a state of being.
And we thought, that
was really interesting.
And exploring that, we found
out it's being soul centered,
feeling comfortable
in our own skin,
no matter what's
happening in our life.
As they say, being the
eye of the hurricane.
Because in the hurricane,
the eye is very calm.
But the wind swirling
about it and in our lives,
it's like that sometimes with
challenges and conditions.
But if we can stay calm
we can respond to life
rather than react.
Look what's happened in
just the last 100 years.
The momentum, now that
we're in the fifth dimension
and its more refined
vibration, that we're
ready to recognize the
master beings that we are,
that our souls--
larger than we can
possibly imagine.
And that we've chosen this human
experience, this Earth suit,
to navigate this planet,
but how exquisite it is.
And what's going to be happening
is just this continued momentum
of upleveling our lives.
>>NOORY: Who can access
the fifth dimension?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Anybody can.
>>NOORY: Can children do it too?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Mhm.
Yes, actually, children
are more likely to be
in 5D all the time.
One of my little grandchildren
stood up in class,
and she's only four.
And she said, somebody in
the room is really sad.
Let's all give each other a hug.
And this is a pre-kindergartner.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
How did she pick that up?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Because she's
intuitive and she could feel--
>>NOORY: It's just
she's tuned in.
>>ST. GERMAIN:
She's already at 5D.
And one of the things
that's so important
that I like to tell people
is if everything is funny--
oh, I got a flat tire.
I can't make the meeting.
Ha ha ha, you know?
>>NOORY: Ha ha ha, yeah.
>>ST. GERMAIN: You
find the joy, and you
find yourself laughing about
stuff that, in 3D, we would be,
oh, man.
My boss is going to be
mad, blah, blah, blah.
So there's a
different environment.
>>NOORY: Well, you can't laugh
about everything, though,
Maureen.
I stepped on a nail.
Ha ha ha?
>>ST. GERMAIN: No, I
wouldn't laugh about that.
But what if the
person you meet is
somebody you needed to meet
when they fixed you up?
I guess what I'm saying
is, the circumstances
that she was describing,
some of the more difficult
circumstances, as you look at
it from a much bigger vantage
point, you don't find that
you're as stressed from it
or as worked up over it, and
you can find the humor in it.
>>NOORY: It's a gift to be
able to let things roll off to
and roll off you.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, we're
all going to start doing that.
We're also going to stop
insulting each other
and hurting each other--
>>NOORY: When?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Pretty soon.
>>NOORY: I hope so.
>>ST. GERMAIN: I think so.
>>NOORY: Because I think it's
out of control right now.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Back to the
children for a little bit.
How does a parent react to their
kid who's got this ability?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well,
the first thing to know
is, if your child is
fearless, you probably
have an ascended
master on your hands.
And that means that that child
is born into your family,
but they've already achieved
a spiritual mastery,
like the Buddha or the
Christ or Muhammad,
and they are here to be
part of the solution.
They don't need to have
a childhood experience,
so they spend their
childhood testing
the limits of their skill.
And they do wacky stuff.
Think of Superman when he was
learning how to lift something,
and he would lift it,
and it would go flying.
I mean, that would
be the implication.
So the parents are in
a dilemma because they
can't use any kind of
the traditional things
that they know.
That won't work for that child.
They'll talk to that child
till they're blue in the face
and won't even impact the child.
So the thing that
the parent needs
to understand is
they need to keep
doing their own meditations
so that when something
happens and they're now upset
with the child for whatever,
they have the wisdom
that's coming through them
on what to say, and to
take a moment and say, God,
what do I say?
And what's
interesting about this
is it also means you don't
tell them what they did
was wrong because they
won't understand that.
>>NOORY: And they won't
agree with it either.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And they
won't agree with it.
Exactly.
But what you can tell
them is, not everybody
is able to see what you see.
And while you might be seeing
more than everybody else,
you need to understand that
other kids will copy you.
And if it's not
safe for everyone,
you can't be doing it.
You have to
understand that you're
going to cause a problem
for somebody else.
Because those children have a
big responsibility to humanity.
So when you explain why
they can't do something
in terms of, quote, "the benefit
of the larger group of people,"
whether it's their classroom
or their town, they get that.
Then that's their motivation
to change their behavior.
But you can't say,
you're grounded.
You can't say, you're not going
to get your driver's license.
It doesn't work.
>>NOORY: You can't
punish them for this.
>>ST. GERMAIN: That's right,
you can't punish them.
You simply have to explain
how their behavior adversely
affects the family,
the world, like that.
And then you'll make progress.
And it's not easy, you know?
It's not easy.
It's a big responsibility.
And there's a lot
of them out there.
Because I'm an
Akashic Records guide
and I teach people about
the Akashic Records,
I have had many
clients who've asked,
what do I do with my son?
He's fearless.
And as soon as I hear that
word "fearless" from a parent,
I know.
>>NOORY: I love that.
Do we pick our parents
before we're born?
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Mhm, I think we do.
But I don't think
that's the only factor.
I think sometimes
we are choosing
to have an opportunity.
And I like to say
that sometimes you
just get on the freight
train because it's
going where you want to be.
And that you know it's a wreck,
you know you can handle it,
and you're going to
come out the other side.
We know plenty of people who
have had terrible childhood.
And yet, as adults,
they're magical.
And then, other people have
had a terrible childhood
and have succumbed
to those damages.
So I think part of it is
sometimes it's timing,
but it's always you're
accepting that you've
chosen your parents.
There's a great story
from the McGareys,
the two doctors who worked
very closely with Edgar Cayce.
And the older boy
was being scolded.
They were maybe three
and six, the children.
And Gladys McGarey, the
wife, the female doctor,
said to her son, you decided
to be part of this family.
You chose us.
And he looked at his little
sister and said, yeah,
but I didn't know she was coming
when I agreed to come with you.
So we are always surprised
by how things unfold.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Do they know
they have these abilities?
>>ST. GERMAIN: No, no.
They don't know that
they're unusual.
>>NOORY: They don't?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Because their
energy and their belief
system is innocent.
So they don't have a concept
that they're so unusual,
or that people can't
do what they can do.
>>NOORY: They get
frustrated fast?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, I don't
think it frustrates them,
but they're curious on
why everybody else can't
do what they can do, you see?
Because again, they
don't look at--
>>NOORY: That evolves when
they get older too, right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Mm-hmm.
Yeah, then they take on some
of the human characteristics
of 3D, which are judging and
belief systems, like what
she was describing, the limiting
beliefs that we've accepted,
that we don't need to accept.
So an ascended master
child is someone
who will test his or her parents
and push them to the limits.
They may or may
not be spiritual,
but they will definitely
be part of the solution.
And they carry with them
mastery that shows up
in spite of adverse conditions.
>>NOORY: See, I had great
parents when I was a kid.
My mother is still alive.
She's 94.
My father passed
away when he was 88.
But I must have done a
good job picking them
because they were phenomenal.
What happens to a child who
picks the wrong parents?
Because we've heard of
horrible parents before.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Mhm.
Well, in one Akashic
Records reading,
a woman asked about her father,
who had sexually abused.
And--
>>NOORY: Ah, this.
>>ST. GERMAIN: --she
didn't complain
about what had happened,
but she wanted to understand
why would she
choose such parents.
And the record keepers
through me said to her,
you came to stop the madness.
And she gasped, and
she said, that's true.
When he started to go after my
younger brothers and sisters--
>>NOORY: She put her foot down.
>>ST. GERMAIN: She
stood in his way
and offered herself in service.
>>NOORY: I'll never
understand that, though.
I'll never understand
his side of it.
There's no excuse.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yeah,
from my vantage point,
it's what people
have experienced.
And I think, too, it's
a little bit like drugs.
Sometimes we get pulled in.
A person gets pulled in, and
they can't find their way out.
And I think it's a known
fact that most abusers have
been abused.
So they're just
doing what they know.
>>NOORY: They pass it on.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Right.
Right.
And despite what people say,
these experiences leave a mark.
So the person who
plows through that
and comes out the other side is
that highly evolved being that
took on the role to put an
end to it, to stand up for it,
maybe found an organization
that helps people.
And they arrive and
emerge unscathed.
But those are special people
that took the ticket in because
of the timing or the
situation, not necessarily
the parents and the
way they behave.
>>NOORY: What would you
say is our higher self?
How would you define that?
>>ST. GERMAIN: In
common terms, it
would be the equivalent of
what most of the religions
teach us is heaven.
So in heaven, supposedly--
I'm making this up.
I don't know-- we have a body,
and we're friendly with people,
and we can talk to Saint Peter.
So there's this quality
of no pain, no suffering,
no conflict all the
things that we have here
that are problematic.
So your higher self
is kind of like that,
but your higher self is
plugged in to your connection
to Source, or God.
What that does for you
is gives you access
to the information that
may be helpful to you
that you don't know about.
On one occasion,
when I was working
in as the PR person
for a non-profit,
I was trying to
call the newspaper,
and I was calling the reporter
three or four times that day
trying to get my
story in the news.
>>NOORY: Yeah, absolutely.
You are a good PR person.
>>ST. GERMAIN: [CHUCKLES]
And I never got through.
It always went to voicemail.
Because I practiced
the higher self work,
my higher self came in
at five minutes till 5:00
and said to me, call this guy.
And I said, no, I'm tired.
My kids are already home.
They're waiting for dinner.
I'm not doing it.
Call the guy.
No, I'm hungry.
I'm tired.
It's five minutes till 5:00.
Call the guy.
So I tell people, it's OK
once you get your higher self
connection to argue
with your higher self.
But the third time,
you follow through.
So I called, and
his name was Doug.
>>NOORY: He picks up.
>>ST. GERMAIN: He picks up.
And he said, Maureen,
how could you possibly
know that I would be
here at this time.
And all I could do
was laugh because I
couldn't very well tell him,
oh, yeah, well, my higher self--
>>NOORY: I called
42 times, right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: [LAUGHS]
So the next day,
my story made the front
page of the largest
newspaper in the state.
>>NOORY: How about that.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Timing.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>ST. GERMAIN: But
I wouldn't have
had that window if it hadn't
been for my higher self
connection.
>>NOORY: Maureen, Meg Benedicte
is the author of the book "Soul
Realized," and describes
when she connected
with her own higher self.
>>MEG BENEDICTE: I
had my angelic soul
be able to come into
the body, walk in,
and see through a
whole new perspective,
be able to determine and see
where we are locked down,
where the time barriers and
the density was creating,
in a sense, a mental amnesia.
And so when this
unlocks, then everything
starts to become very
clear, and immediately
had the channel to my higher
self to get the steps,
get the guidance.
How do I, in a sense, get free
of this prison of my density
and the three dimensional time
matrix consciousness that's
running in all of
us, creating fear
and duality and separation?
So as we increase our frequency,
it helps our awakening.
When you go higher
and higher frequency,
it begins to dissolve that time
barrier and the amnesia that's
been running in
us for centuries.
So it's very much of
a freeing experience
and a liberating experience and
it opens you to, in a sense,
universal knowledge
and understanding.
And you start to bring the soul
presence into your biology.
This is a game changer.
This starts to change your DNA.
It starts to awaken the
dormant multi-dimensional DNA.
So it's exponentially
an ascension process
into really living
your full potential,
being all that you are, where we
came from such a limited state
to being divine.
>>NOORY: Maureen, how important
is it to align ourselves
with our higher dimension?
>>ST. GERMAIN: In
my opinion, it's
the number one thing to learn.
Because after that, you
can ask your higher self,
is it in my highest, best
good to take this course?
Should I watch
this show on Gaia,
or is there another show that's
a better choice for me tonight?
And what happens is your
higher self guides you.
>>NOORY: There's no other choice
other than "Beyond Belief,"
by the way.
>>ST. GERMAIN: [LAUGHS]
What was I thinking?
That's probably true.
Today, my higher self
would for sure say that.
>>NOORY: How easy is it to tap
into that higher dimension?
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Well, if you want,
I can take you
through it right now.
It'll only take a few seconds.
>>NOORY: OK, yeah.
I'd love to see it.
>>ST. GERMAIN: OK, so as an
audience, if you're listening,
take a moment and put your
feet flat on the floor.
And then, if you feel like
it, you can close your eyes,
but you can also
leave your eyes open.
And I want you to think
of a pet or an infant
that you've had in your
arms at one time or another,
and allow that feeling
of unconditional
love that you might feel
for that little one.
And say that to
yourself a few times.
I love you.
And then, send a
beam of that love
and light up your pranic tube.
That's the tube in
front of your spine
that runs the extra chi for you.
And let it connect with your
throat chakra, your third eye,
your crown chakra, all the
way up to the eighth chakra,
where the portal to
your higher self is.
And now we invite the higher
self to join us in our hearts,
following the same
path back down.
Sometimes when I'm in
a good mood, I'll say,
imagine you're on a waterslide
and you're spiraling all
the way down into your heart.
>>NOORY: How often
do we do this?
Daily?
>>ST. GERMAIN: We're
doing this once,
and then we're going to
get some information.
So now we're in the heart.
We've asked the higher
self to join us.
Ask your higher self to give you
your symbol or signal for yes.
And it could be a color.
It could be a shape.
It could be a thumbs down or a
thumbs up in your mind's eye.
It could be a sensation on one
side of the body or another.
Thank you.
Then ask your higher self,
show me my signal or a signal
for no.
And again, it could
be a taste, a feeling
in your physical body,
a color you might see,
or a shape you might see.
And then, once
again, say thank you.
Higher self, give me my
symbol or signal for neutral.
And neutral for most people is
very much of a straight line.
So they feel it in the
body as a big emptiness,
or they feel it or see it in
their mind's eye as a horizon.
And then, for 45 days, you
ask unimportant questions
and let that signal
come through.
And that's where the
fun begins because--
>>NOORY: For 45 days?
>>ST. GERMAIN: 45 days.
But one of the things you do
is you look at today's date,
and then you tell yourself,
when is 45 days from now?
So let's say today
is November 1.
45 days is December 15.
>>NOORY: You're in to December.
That's right.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Right.
So then you know
going forward, I'm
going to do this practice
thing for 45 days.
So one day in Shanghai
when I was teaching,
this woman gets up in class and
said, why would my higher self
lie to me?
They'd been taught the
program the day before.
She was practicing it.
And I said, well,
what did you ask?
And she said, well,
I'm a vegan, and I
asked my higher self if I
should have meat at breakfast.
And my higher self said yes.
And of course, the
whole class is laughing.
And I said to her,
there's only three rules,
and I think you
broke two of them.
Because she asked
about something
she cared passionately about.
It wasn't something
she didn't care.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ST. GERMAIN: She
wasn't willing to do it.
And I doubt seriously
if she followed through.
So the rules are pretty simple,
and it's simply the practice
and having fun.
And some people say, well, I
can't think of 40 times a day
an unimportant question.
And I said, then write
yourself a list of what
you would be willing to ask.
Maybe it's breakfast,
you get 10 of them.
Eggs?
No.
Cereal?
Yes.
Milk?
No.
Coffee?
Tea?
No.
Like that.
I mean, it's pretty
easy to come up
with a lot of unimportant stuff.
And then, you set aside
something that's important
unless you must give that answer
because you have a deadline
or something, and then you ask
your higher self, if you want.
But the whole idea of not
asking about important stuff
and not checking it with your
pendulum or other resources
is that you are practicing to
get the feel for what it's like
so that you know the authentic
signal or symbol for you.
Once you have completed
your 45 days, what happens
is your higher self
starts coming in
with advance information that
you need that you didn't even
know you needed.
>>NOORY: Does it
ever let us down?
>>ST. GERMAIN: I think
more of a user failure.
If I'm not completely
centered or I'm not
paying close
attention and I ask,
I might not get a clear answer.
But I've never been
told by my higher self
to take an action step that
didn't have a huge payoff.
I've always been totally amazed.
>>NOORY: Why 45 days, Maureen?
Why not 10?
Why not 60?
Why 45?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Because it
takes 45 days to get new DNA.
And I felt that by
getting new DNA,
you would have anchored that
feeling, that sensation,
whatever it would be,
in your new cells,
and you would go with that.
You'd have authenticity
at that point.
>>NOORY: So by tapping
into your higher dimension,
does that guarantee
you happiness?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, if I did--
yeah, it does.
But sometimes I don't ask.
[LAUGHS] And it's when I
don't ask and I'm being--
for me personally, and
I'm sure for everyone,
the problem is sometimes
we are in our 3D self
and we're reacting to something
that someone else said.
If you're self-conscious about
something and somebody makes
a comment, you take it
personally, even when
it wasn't meant personally.
>>NOORY: Of course.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And
then, of course, there
are other energies
that can attack people.
And there is this whole
shift of dark energies
that are leaving the planet,
but the ones that are left
are kind of strong.
And so if they impact
someone, that energy
can read what your sore spot is.
So a person might say
something and not even realize
they're pushing your button.
And then you explode,
and then they explode,
so sometimes those
things happen.
It's an interesting thing.
I'll tell you something
that happened with a client
on the radio.
A man called in and
asked, what should I
do about my adult daughter?
I'm a meditator, I
taught meditation,
and I was a good father,
blah, blah, blah.
And she's just horrible to me.
>>NOORY: Just can't reach her.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Mhm.
And the record keeper
said to him, you
and your daughter were arch
enemies in a previous lifetime.
You went on and advanced
in your spiritual work,
and she did not.
And in this lifetime, you
agreed to sponsor her.
And then they said,
she will come around,
but it's going to take
a couple of years.
And you want to act as
if you already have it.
>>NOORY: Instantly.
>>ST. GERMAIN: First, you ask--
you send the birthday
cards, you send
the birthday presents,
whatever you would normally
do if you were on good
terms, and let it unfold.
Then it actually happened to
me when I got fired from a job.
I had just written a check
for a couple thousand dollars
for my son's tuition, and
sent it over to his house.
And I'm scared out of my mind--
>>NOORY: Did you have
the funds to back it?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Oh,
the check was good.
But I didn't have any money
left in savings for me,
and I just lost my job.
>>NOORY: You had no backup.
>>ST. GERMAIN: I had no backup.
And I was terrified.
And I remember
saying to myself, I
want to know when he's
going to appreciate me.
Because I'm thinking
of all the dumb things
I've done, like
put myself at risk,
not realizing that I
would be in this squeeze.
>>NOORY: Situation, yeah.
>>ST. GERMAIN: So my
guides came in and said,
when he's 26 or
28, and I burst out
laughing because I was thinking,
next week would be good.
Or tomorrow would
be even better.
>>NOORY: Tomorrow would
be even better, right.
And at that age of 26
or 28, did it happen?
>>ST. GERMAIN: They said 28, but
I didn't have to wait till he
was 28 because when
I burst out laughing,
I realized that I was still--
even though I thought I was
OK, even though I thought
I didn't have any energy
on his lack of gratitude,
apparently there
was something in me
that was still holding
out an expectation.
And so when I laughed at
myself, I broke through that,
and I didn't have to wait.
I realized that I was somehow
putting out an expectation,
so I stopped even
looking for a thank you.
And I didn't have to wait.
It took a few years.
I think he was probably
24 when it happened.
But I didn't have to wait till
he was 28, which was awesome.
>>NOORY: How many helpers are
there in the fifth dimension?
Or are we alone, just us and us?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Oh.
Well, I think that the ascended
masters and the beings of light
who come through
channels are all
coming from either
the fifth or higher.
They might even be coming
from higher dimensions.
And it's a vibrational data set.
So what we're dealing with
is there are many beings that
are here to assist us.
And what we're doing is
bringing our higher self,
our ascended master
self, into this body.
And that's never
been done before.
So what we're doing is
becoming ascended masters
right here, right now.
And this is another thing
that's very interesting.
Everybody is fifth dimensional
at some time or another
and don't realize it, and
then they slide back into 3D.
And I'll prove it to you.
>>NOORY: And that's
not a good place to be?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, it's
good to be fifth dimensional,
but the thing is,
when we're in 5D,
we don't notice we're
in 5D because everything
is so nice and smooth and rosy.
It's only when we slide back out
of it that we realize, oh, man,
that was such a good vibe here.
What happened?
>>NOORY: What happened, yeah.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Exactly.
So this evolution of
becoming 5D is a sine wave,
and you are literally
riding in it,
and then sliding behind,
and then riding in it,
and then sliding down.
And so here's an
example, and this
happens to a lot of people.
They take something--
they come in the house,
they put down their sunglasses,
and then they put them away.
And they're feeling good.
They got all the errands
done, and they sit down,
and they do something.
And they remember, oh, man,
I forgot this one thing.
I need to go back out.
So they go to the same drawer
that they put the sunglasses
in, and they go
for the sunglasses,
and they're not there.
>>NOORY: Poof.
>>ST. GERMAIN: They're gone.
>>NOORY: It's like
your car keys.
>>ST. GERMAIN: They
find an alternate.
They figure, well, maybe
there's another set in the car.
I'll use those.
They come back from that errand,
now happy again because they've
finished that little
duty, and they
open the drawer to put
away the sunglasses
that they are holding--
>>NOORY: And there they are.
>>ST. GERMAIN: --and
they there they are.
Now, what really happened is
the person, when they came in
from their errand, they were
happy, and they were joyful,
and they were in 5D.
When they put the glasses
away, they were in 5D.
And when they were
now worried that they
didn't finish everything, they
slipped back down into 3D.
Self-judgment, polarity stuff.
And when they opened the
door, they weren't there.
And this happened to me
many, many, many years ago.
And when it happened
a second time, and one
of my sons, who was very
grounded, and he said,
mom, I just put it there.
And I said, I saw you do it.
I said, just come back in
the kitchen and we'll talk
and we'll ask for it to
come back if it's in 5D.
And he finished his explanation,
came back to his book bag--
right on top, as if he had not
pulled everything out and put
it back.
>>NOORY: Was it always
there, he just didn't see it?
>>ST. GERMAIN: I was
watching him, too.
I don't think so.
You pull everything out--
>>NOORY: It just materializes.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, it's
not that it's materializing.
We are vibing into
the ability to see it.
>>NOORY: But was
it always there,
you just couldn't see it?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yeah.
It was always there and
you couldn't see it.
You couldn't see it because
you weren't at the vibration
that this is visible to you.
>>NOORY: If somebody
else had walked in,
in a different vibration,
would they have seen it?
>>ST. GERMAIN: If they
were in fifth dimension,
they might have seen it, yeah.
Because he was in 5D
when he put it down.
He was happy and
telling a great story.
When I asked my guides what was
going on, I was told, for me
and for him, two
different times,
the thing that's happening
is when you are in 3D,
you can't see in 5D.
It's like Russian dolls.
So when you're 5D, you can
participate in 5, 4, 3, 2,
like that.
When you are 3D, you can
participate in third, second,
and first, but you can't
participate in five
until you slide up there,
till you vibrationally
move to that place.
And because the
vibration is so similar,
you don't always notice that
you're there except for when
you slide out.
>>NOORY: And how often
do people slide out?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Every day,
on and off, all day long.
>>NOORY: That's
not a good thing.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well,
it's how we get there.
My mother told me when I
was calling her one time, so
excited to tell her about this
really amazing thing, that one
of my sons who was the
family troublemaker had done.
And she said, well,
honey, kids don't grow up
in a straight line.
And I was horrified.
I said, what does mean?
And she said--
>>NOORY: Unacceptable
to you, right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: What
she meant was that--
when I said to her,
what does that mean?
She said, well, after they
do something really mature,
they usually follow it
with something stupid.
And--
>>NOORY: And he did.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And
he did, and we do.
That's all of us.
We make a level of mastery,
and then we get scared.
Did I really do that?
Did that really happen?
I don't think so.
That's not true.
That's not real.
And then we slide back.
And then we slide
back up again, and we
do some other amazing things.
>>NOORY: That's dramatic.
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Well, I look at it
as this is how the
world vibrates.
Machinery is on and off.
Mechanics on the computer
are zeros and ones.
So I think we're all
evolving into this place.
Now, the goal would be to
be vibrating so subtly,
so smoothly, that
you don't notice
that you're not exactly static.
See, if you were static, if
you didn't vibrate up and down
or in and out, there
would be no growth.
>>NOORY: When you're
in the fifth dimension,
are things going
splendidly for you?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes.
But this is a very
interesting thing.
I was getting off of a
plane in my home city,
which was a small
town in Wisconsin.
And because I knew the
clerk that takes my tickets,
now she's handling baggage.
And she said, hi, Maureen.
How are you doing?
And I said, I'm doing great.
But this is my day from blank--
I'm not going to say the word--
because I have to turn around
and be back here in two hours
because I'm going to the
East Coast for a workshop
at the other end of the country.
And she looked at
me kind of funny
because it was a very
unusual thing to say.
So then I stopped myself and
said, well, actually, I'm
having a day of heaven on Earth
because I'm flying with United.
And I went home, and
there was two inches
of water on my basement floor.
There was a pipe that
had broken in a hole.
>>NOORY: The worst feeling.
>>ST. GERMAIN: My
neighbor came over.
I called him up.
He came over.
We turned the water valve off.
We called the plumber.
He came when he said he would,
which was only one hour.
I called the airline and said,
can I get on a later flight?
We don't think so.
Well, yeah, they did put
me on a later flight.
And they didn't
charge me a change fee
because they felt sorry for
me, and that's unheard of.
And I went to the bank.
I did my deposit.
My neighbor watched the plumber.
I did everything I needed to do.
I came back.
The land line phone was ringing.
That's how long ago it was.
And it was United,
and they said both
of our feeder
flights into Chicago
are running an hour late.
If you take the second
flight into Chicago
that you're booked on, you're
going to miss your connections.
Is there any way you can go
on the earlier flight that's
now leaving one hour later?
And I said,
actually, yes, I can.
>>NOORY: That
worked out for you.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And I sat on that
plane, and I looked around me,
and I said, how did that happen?
And my guide said, you asked
for a day of heaven on Earth.
>>NOORY: And you got it.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And you got it.
So then I thought, OK, well,
if I asked for a day of heaven
on Earth, I'm going to
do that the next time
I have a chockablock day.
And then, when I did
it the second time,
it occurred to me I could
ask for it every day.
And I do, and so can you.
>>NOORY: How do people get
a hold of you, Maureen?
>>ST. GERMAIN: They can
reach me at my website,
info@stgermainmysteryschool.com.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: Thanks.
It's very enlightening, talking
about the fifth dimension.
>>ST. GERMAIN: The fifth
dimension is a place
that, when you are in
it, you don't notice
except for that you feel
loving towards everyone,
and everyone reacts
to the love in you.
So even when the bank
teller is having a bad day,
when you walk up to the teller,
she suddenly puts on a smile
and she's happy to see
you, and everything shifts.
That's how powerful it is.
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: Well, the
next time you're
having problems in
the third dimension,
get yourself into the fifth
dimension, and do it fast.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]